packages/fkweb/README.md, before:

fkweb
=====

![Build fkweb](https://github.com/Frikanalen/frikanalen/workflows/Build%20Django%20backend%20service/badge.svg)

Backend API for the Norwegian public access TV channel [Frikanalen](https://frikanalen.no/).

Creating a local development environment
----------------------------------------

Let's start by installing some of the dependencies by running the
`install-debian-deps.sh`.

Create virtual env:

    $ python3 -m venv env

Activate your new python environment:

    $ source env/bin/activate
    (env)$

Use pip to install the rest of the requirements:

    (env)$ pip install -r requirements-dev.txt

Open fkbeta/settings.py in your editor and edit paths and database-settings.
You should set `SECRET_KEY` to a random string.

Initialize the database:

    (env)$ ./manage.py migrate
        ...

Load some default data (fixtures) into the database:

    (env)$ ./manage.py loaddata frikanalen
        ...

Create a new admin user:

    (env)$ ./manage.py createsuperuser

Start the webserver:

    (env)$ ./manage.py runserver

Point your browser to http://127.0.0.1:8000/admin and log in.

### Docker

If you want to use docker, the following commands should set you up:

    $ docker build -t "frikanalen" .
    $ docker run -p 8000:8000 frikanalen

Alternatively you can pull down a image from Docker Hub:

    $ docker run -p 8000:8000 frikanalen/frikanalen

Deploying
---------
The new way to deploy is a githook. Set up the remotes:

    git remote add prod fkweb@frikanalen-prod.nuug.no:git/
    git remote add dev fkweb@frikanalen-dev.nuug.no:git/

Now you can easily push your changes:

    git push dev master:master

For more advanced things you'd want to check [our infrastructure Ansible setup](../../infra/).

Commit message:

Update documentation and deploy script

packages/fkweb/README.md, after:

fkweb
=====

![Build fkweb](https://github.com/Frikanalen/frikanalen/workflows/Build%20Django%20backend%20service/badge.svg)

Backend API for the Norwegian public access TV channel [Frikanalen](https://frikanalen.no/).

Creating a local development environment
----------------------------------------

Let's start by installing some of the dependencies, creating a virtual environment and activating it:

    $ apt install sqlite3 python3-virtualenv python3-pip
    $ python3 -m venv env
    $ source env/bin/activate
    (env)$

Use pip to install the rest of the requirements:

    (env)$ pip install -r requirements-dev.txt

Open fkbeta/settings.py in your editor and edit paths and database settings.
You should set `SECRET_KEY` to a random string.

Initialize the database:

    (env)$ ./manage.py migrate
        ...

Load some default data (fixtures) into the database:

    (env)$ ./manage.py loaddata frikanalen
        ...

Create a new admin user:

    (env)$ ./manage.py createsuperuser

Start the webserver:

    (env)$ ./manage.py runserver

Point your browser to http://127.0.0.1:8080/admin and log in.

### Docker

If you want to use docker, the following commands should set you up:

    $ docker build -t "frikanalen" .
    $ docker run -p 8080:8080 frikanalen

Alternatively you can pull down a image from Docker Hub:

    $ docker run -p 8080:8080 frikanalen/frikanalen

For more advanced things you'd want to check [our infrastructure Ansible setup](../../infra/).
